Improve SEO with meta descriptions for core docs and homepage (#87)
openchoreo/openchoreo.github.io: docs/overview/architecture.md

---
title: Architecture

> description: Explore OpenChoreo's multi-plane architecture with Control, Data, Build, and Observability planes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Explore how OpenChoreo is architected across control, data, CI, and observability planes — and how these components work together to deliver a complete Internal Developer Platform.```
